---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - April 14th, 2016"
date: 2016-04-14 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

This month's meeting is all about hardware hacking!

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Intro to basic hardware hacking part one**
_By: Deral Heiland_

#### Abstract

During this presentation we will be demonstrating how to use available tools
such as (JAGUALATOR) to identify UART and JTAG connection on a embedded device,
once identified  we will be using another tool called (SHIKRA) to establish a
console connection to the device for further examination. We will also be
discussing basic soldering techniques and internet resources available for
hardware hacking.

#### Bio

Deral Heiland serves as a Research Lead for Rapid7 Global Service. Deral has
over 20 years of experience in the Information Technology field, and has held
multiple positions including: Network Administrator, Database Manager, Financial
Systems Manager and Senior Information Security Analyst.

### **[Finding the Needle in the Hardware Haystack - Identifying and Exploiting Vulnerabilities via Hardware Reverse Engineering](/files/FindingTheNeedleInTheHardwareHaystack.pdf)**
_By: Timothy Wright and Stephen Halwes_

#### Abstract

During this talk we will be discussing hardware reverse engineering and why this
is becoming a new way for attackers to compromise company networks. We will
discuss how vendors are now leaving potentially malicious code within firmware
and how some attackers could exploit these vulnerabilities. We will also discuss
why it is important for companies to spend time reviewing hardware for
vulnerabilities prior to deploying the systems within your company’s network and
outlining a process on how to perform this work.

The presenters will outline each phase of the hardware reverse engineering
assessment, outlining how to exploit various vulnerabilities that you may
discover and provide a list the software and tools that will be needed to
support this work. Finally we will talk about how you should be documenting your
findings for management and how to properly disclose the findings to the vendor
once the test has been completed.

#### Bio

Timothy Wright - Penetration Testing team lead at American Electric Power in
Columbus Ohio. Currently his focus is on penetration testing, threat emulation
and hardware reverse engineering. Tim has 19 years of IT experience with a focus
on offensive security testing. He is a member of the independent research group
nullbyte (http://www.nu11byte.com) which works on many projects from embedded
security to various CTF’s and events. You can hit him on Twitter
[@redteam_hacker](https://twitter.com/redteam_hacker).

Stephen Halwes - Cyber security researcher at PreTalen Ltd. in Beavercreek Ohio.
Currently his focus is on embedded hardware and software reverse engineering.
Stephen has 6 years of IT experience with a focus on offensive security testing.
He is a member of the independent research group nullbyte
(http://www.nu11byte.com) which works on many projects from embedded security to
various CTF’s and events. You can hit him on Twitter
[@genonullfree](https://twitter.com/genonullfree).
