---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Agenda - January 8th, 2015"
date: 2015-01-08 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**This meeting will be in the Garden West room! Same building!**

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Presentation:** [Simple Network Management Pwnd](/files/201501-Simple_Network_Management_Pwnd-Matthew_Kienow.zip)
_By: Matthew Kienow_

#### **Abstract:**

Solo presentation of Deral Heiland and Matthew Kienow's DerbyCon 4.0 talk
"Simple Network Management Pwnd" - As a large number of embedded devices are
deployed throughout home and industry worldwide. We find little or no effort
being made to properly secure SNMP services, as a result potentially millions of
these devices expose access to their SNMP services over the Internet. This
creates a silent killer. Users are unaware as attackers can easily leverage
these services to extract critical data and potentially alter security features
leading to further compromise. During this presentation we will deliver an in
depth examination of the SNMP protocol and associated device MIB security
issues. Covering such topics as SNMP protocols, MIBs structures, Information
extraction methodologies. Leveraging live demonstrations we will also show
several examples of critical data leakage, and walk the audience through methods
for extracting data and performing comparative analysis for the purpose of
discovering critical information stored in SNMP private MIBs.

#### **Bio:**

Matthew Kienow is a software engineer and independent security researcher. He
has designed, built, and successfully deployed secure software solutions,
however, often enjoys breaking them instead.

### **Presentation:** [An Introduction to Bitcoin & Cryptocurrency](/files/20150108-Intro_to_Bitcoin&Cryptocurrency-Josh_Muller.pptx)
_By: Josh Muller_

#### **Abstract:**

What are bitcoins and why are they valuable? How does the Bitcoin network and
payment system work? How can one secure his/her bitcoin wallet? How does one buy
or sell bitcoins? What are the some of the implications of Bitcoin for society?
These and other questions will be addressed in the presentation, “An
Introduction to Bitcoin & Cryptocurrency.”

#### **Bio:**

A Dayton-area network systems consultant by day and a cryptocurrency enthusiast
by night, Josh has been fascinated with computers & technology from a young age.
As a child, he built & rebuilt computers, and built a website for a friend’s
company at the age of 12. While taking some programming classes in high school,
his interests shifted towards system administration & network security, and he
began working in the field of IT shortly after graduation. In college, his
interests expanded towards finance & economics, and after discovering Bitcoin
and other innovative digital currencies he has been a supporter of them ever
since. After obtaining a bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, he began his
career in IT which he continues to this day.
