---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Agenda - May 13th, 2015"
date: 2015-05-13 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Presentation:** Introduction to Location Analytics
_By: Charles Monett_

#### **Abstract:**

Mobile devices, such as your phone or tablet, can say a lot about you.  When you take them with you, they can say a lot more.   In this presentation, you will hear about how devices, their locations, and generated network traffic describe the actions of individuals in a given area.  In addition, it also discusses some possible responses one can make as a reasonable, yet privacy conscious, person.  Finally, the presentation will explore other ways to interact with these kinds of environments.

#### **Bio:**

Charles Monett has held a deep interest in the matters of IT and security.  He currently holds a Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems from Wright State University, and is currently a member of multiple academic honor societies (Beta Gamma Sigma, Phi Kappa Phi).   Previously, he has provided technical support for a major newspaper publishing company.   Over time, he has learned various forms of UNIX (OpenBSD, FreeBSD, HP/UX, AIX) and Linux.  In addition, he also has gained an understanding of various servers, workstations, mobile devices, and wireless systems (802.11-based).  Finally, Charles spends his spare time developing and refining web-based applications.

### **Discussion:** Current Events in Infosec
_By: Everyone_
