---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - February 9th, 2017"
date: 2017-02-09 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Way-Beyond Patching GPO and Printer Driver Vulnerabilities: How Microsoft Ruined My Summer of 2016**
_By: John Hermes_

#### Abstract

Familiarity and complacence administering the Windows platform lead to some
nasty surprises while managing Microsoft's Active Directory in the Windows 10
era.

Organizations world-wide were caught by surprise during the summer of 2016 when
Microsoft released patches to address critical security vulnerabilities and made
significant changes to both group policy (GP) processing and print driver
enforcement. Here is a first-person account from a distracted, overworked and
reluctant Windows administrator who didn't see it coming.

First, we'll take a quick tour of GP basics and examine the security issue that
forced changes to how they're applied. Next, we'll look at flipping our
perspective on permissions for deploying effective policies. Finally, we'll take
a look at the Vista-era printer driver model that was effectively ignored by
some big vendors - until Microsoft made it mandatory. We'll see why some
big-name printers still refuse to deploy and then learn the surprisingly simple
way to bypass these new restrictions.

#### Bio

John Hermes is a prestigious board member for OISF and all around awesome dude.
When John isn't teaching the world how to be better attackers and defenders,
he's policing and securing networks all over.

### **Group Discussion**
_By: Everyone_
