---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - November 9th, 2017"
date: 2017-11-09 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Aspects of Security, an overview**
_By: Sarah Ashton_

### **Regex**
_By: Matt Scheurer_

#### Abstract

Writing Regular Expressions (Regex) is a versatile skill set to have across the IT landscape. Regex has a number of information security related uses and applications. We are going to provide an overview and work through examples of writing Regex as a group for pattern matching and file content analysis using sample threat feed data in this presentation. Along with a healthy dose of motherly advice, we cover Regex syntax, character classes, capture groups, sub-capture groups and quantifiers. Whether Regex is something completely new or worth brushing up on, this talk is geared toward you. 

#### Bio

Matt Scheurer is a Systems Security Engineer working in the Financial Services industry. Matt holds a CompTIA Security+ Certification and possesses a number of Microsoft Certifications including: MCP, MCPS, MCTS, MCSA, and MCITP. Matt has presented on numerous Information Security topics as a featured speaker at a number of area Information Security meetup groups. Matt also had notable speaking engagements as a presenter at DerbyCon 5.0, DerbyCon 7.0, and the 10th Annual Northern Kentucky University Cyber Security Symposium. Matt maintains active memberships in a number of professional organizations including the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), Cincinnati Networking Professionals Association (CiNPA), and Information Systems Security Association (ISSA). Matt is a regular attendee at monthly Information Security meetings for 2600, the CiNPA affiliated Security Special Interest Group (CiNPA Security SIG), Ohio Information Security Forum (OISF), and Cincinnati Security MBA (SMBA).

