---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - March 9th, 2017"
date: 2017-03-09 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Hacking IoT for Fun and Knowledge**
_By: [Deral Heiland](https://twitter.com/Percent_X)_

#### Abstract

During this multi-month group exercise we will be examining an IoT-based
product. We will methodically step through each part of this product's ecosystems
(Mobile, Cloud, Hardware, Communication) to understand how it functions, search
for vulnerabilities and determine how an attacker could potentially exploit it.

#### Bio

Deral Heiland CISSP, serves as a Research Lead (IoT) for Rapid7. Deral has over
20 years of experience in the Information Technology field, and has held
multiple positions including: Senior Network Analyst, Network Administrator,
Database Manager, Financial Systems Manager and Senior Information Security
Analyst.  Over the last 8+ years Deral’s career has focused on security
research, security assessments, penetration testing, and consulting for
corporations and government agencies. Deral also conducted security research on
numerous technical subjects, releasing white papers, security advisories, and
has presented the information at numerous national and international security
conferences including Blackhat, Defcon, Shmoocon, DerbyCon, RSAC, and Hack In
Paris. Deral has been interviewed by and quoted by several media outlets and
publications including BBC, MIT Technical Review, MSNBC, SC Magazine, Threat
Post and The Register.
