---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - January 12th, 2017"
date: 2017-01-12 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Roll your own $100 HSM-based Certification Authority**
_By: [Evan Anderson](http://www.wellbury.com/)_

#### Abstract

This talk is a review and demonstration of an inexpensive hardware security
module, the Nitrokey HSM. We examine the practical concerns encountered using
this module in a PKI/code signing system we developed for a client. We will demo
using the device to create an HSM-backed certification authority with open
source tools. This sub-$100 device puts a very functional HSM well within the
financial reach of small business and individuals.

#### Bio

Evan Anderson has worked in contract IT services since 1998. He is currently a
partner in Wellbury Information Services of Dayton, OH. His infosec-related work
includes security architecture reviews, application and network penetration
testing, and training clients in financial, medical, and public policy sectors.

### **An Introduction to Ansible Automation**
_By: [Tom Webster](https://samurailink3.com)_

#### Abstract

The first step to securing your environment is to know that things are
configured properly, from firewall rules to your ssh configuration. Oh, you set
those up years ago? Think they're all the same across all of your servers? What
about that one time you changed that one thing when trying to fix an issue, did
you ever go back and re-secure your configs?

In this talk, I'll walk you through the very basics of Ansible and how you can
use it to get your environment configured and keep it in check. I'll focus
mainly on Ansible set up, ssh configuration, and iptables rules.

#### Bio

Tom Webster is a Linux Sysadmin at Cincinnati Bell and part of the board for the
Ohio InfoSec Forum. He's constantly breaking, fixing, and researching things as
well as ranting over at [SamuraiLink3.com](http://samurailink3.com/) and
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/samurailink3).
