---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - February 7th, 2019"
date: 2019-02-07 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

**6:00pm:**

Food and drinks served

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **PRESENTATION TITLE**
_By: Matt Scheurer_ 

#### Abstract

What thoughts currently make tech defenders uneasy as they go to bed at night? Despite implementing and properly configuring the latest technological controls and security solutions into our environments, end users typically remain the most vulnerable point of entry into nearly any network. Unfortunately, only one misstep by a single user provides attackers with the foothold they need to begin compromising an entire enterprise network environment. The safety of our inboxes is a key initiative on the battlefront of protecting staff from the scourge of phishing and spear phishing attacks. We will perform a deep-dive look at the latest techniques used by criminals to bypass security products and traditional defense-in-depth strategies. We then focus heavily on conducting a digital forensic investigation on a sample phishing email message. Topics covered include technical analysis of message headers, message source code, message attachments, and malicious landing web pages even when a dedicated sandbox environment is unavailable.


#### Bio

Matt Scheurer is a Systems Security Engineer working in the Financial Services industry and serves as Chair of the Cincinnati Networking Professionals Association Security Special Interest Group (CiNPA Security SIG). He holds a CompTIA Security+ Certification and possesses multiple Microsoft Certifications including MCP, MCPS, MCTS, MCSA, and MCITP. He has presented on numerous Information Security topics as a featured speaker at many local area technology groups and large Information Security Conferences all over the Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky Tri-State. Matt maintains active memberships in a number of professional organizations including the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), Cincinnati Networking Professionals Association (CiNPA), Financial Services - Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC), and Information Systems Security Association (ISSA).
