---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - November 18th, 2021"
date: 2021-11-18 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

### Registration  
The monthly meeting will be held both in-person and online via Google Meet.  
Pre-registration via Eventbrite is encouraged to help plan for food and drink (as well as for keeping within capacity limitations).  

[Registration Link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/208960655947)  

(You're still welcome to register at the door.)

When you register for the conference, you will be asked if you would like a CPE certificate to support certification requirements.  

**6:30pm (In-Person):**  
Food and drinks served, doors open.  

**6:50pm (Online via Google Meet):**  
On-line part of meeting opens for participants to join.  

**7:00pm (Both)**  


### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.


### Presentation
Justin Spencer - TBA

### Abstract
Justin Spencer is a hacker and Principal Software Engineer at Hellebore Consulting Group where he provides training, solutions, and support across a variety of security focus areas, including application and system security, for multiple DoD clients. Mr. Spencer has a decade of experience performing software development, security assessments, reverse engineering, red team tool development, signal analysis, and SDR transceiver design for systems both large and small. He was previously an adjunct Cyber Academy instructor and Manager of Cyber Software Engineering at Northrop Grumman. Mr. Spencer is also a USMC veteran and an alumnus of the Purdue University Computer Engineering program.

