---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - June 10th, 2021"
date: 2021-06-10 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---
### Meeting Details     
Please join the Ohio Information Security Forum for an in-person or virtual meeting (a simulcast of the in-person meeting).  


#### **Attending virtually:**   

**When:**  
7:00PM via Google Meet 

Meeting Link:  
[https://meet.google.com/vib-qmje-bkv](https://meet.google.com/vib-qmje-bkv)

Meeting Phone Number:  
+1 417-344-8736 (PIN: 186666675)


#### **Attending in person:**   

**When:**  
The meeting is at 7:00PM with a social period from 6:30PM-7:00PM.  
Pizza and refreshments will be served.  

**Where:**   
Ashford Center, 4141 Colonel Glenn Hwy, Beavercreek, OH 45431 (Suite 202B, Conference Room on 2nd Floor)

**COVID-19 Safety Measures:**  
We will be following Ohio Department of Health's guidelines where masks will be required unless you are fully vaccinated.  Honor system in place, we will not be asking your status.

### Agenda  
**7:00PM**
### Introduction  

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### **Out of the Trash - Into Your Network**  
*By: Deral Heiland*

#### Abstract:
####
During this presentation we will be discussing the risk and impact related to the improper disposal of embedded technology devices. I will be covering how malicious actors can scrap critical data from these devices, which could then lead to compromise of your personal or business networks. During this presentation we hope to have an open and free flow of ideas focusing on the risk, how its done, and how do we potentially avoid these issues.



#### Bio:
####
Deral Heiland CISSP, serves as a Principal Security Researcher (IoT) for Rapid7. Deral has over 25 years of experience in the Information Technology field and has held multiple positions including: Senior Network Analyst, Network Administrator, Database Manager, Financial Systems Manager and Senior Information Security Analyst.  Over the last 15+ years Deral’s career has focused on security research, security assessments, penetration testing, and consulting for corporations and government agencies. Deral also has conducted security research on numerous technical subjects, releasing white papers, Blogs, security advisories, and has presented the information at numerous national and international security conferences including Blackhat, Defcon, Shmoocon, DerbyCon, RSAC, Hack In Paris. Deral has been interviewed by and quoted by multiple media outlets and publications including ABC World News Tonight, Cheddar TV, BBC, Consumer Reports, MIT Technical Review, SC Magazine, Threat Post and The Register.
