---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - April 14th, 2022"
date: 2022-04-14 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

### Location has changed
The in-person portion will be hosted at the **MTSI office in Beavercreek**  
([4141 Colonel Glenn Hwy #115, Beavercreek, OH 45431](https://www.google.com/maps/place/4141+Colonel+Glenn+Hwy+%23+115,+Beavercreek,+OH+45431/)).  


### Registration  
The monthly meeting will be held both in-person and online via Google Meet.  
Pre-registration via Eventbrite is encouraged to help plan for food and drink (as well as for keeping within capacity limitations).  

[Registration Link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/311772819897)  

(You're still welcome to register at the door.)

When you register for the conference, you will be asked if you would like a CPE certificate to support certification requirements.  

**6:30pm (In-Person):**  
Food and drinks served, doors open.  

**6:50pm (Online via Google Meet):**  
On-line part of meeting opens for participants to join.  

**7:00pm (Both)**  

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### Presentations:

### *A look into CES 2022*
_By: Deral Heiland_

#### Abstract:  
During this presentation Deral will be discussing this year's Consumer Electronic Show (CES) which took place in Las Vegas NV in January. Deral will recap various highlights and things of interest he discovered while attending.


### *An Introduction to BLE Tools 101*
_By: Deral Heiland_

#### Abstract:
For this presentation Deral will be introducing, demoing and discussing a methodology of use on several hardware and application tools used to interact with and capture Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) communications.
