---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - October 13th, 2022"
date: 2022-10-13 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

### Location has changed
The in-person portion will be hosted at the **MTSI office in Beavercreek**  
([4141 Colonel Glenn Hwy #202, Beavercreek, OH 45431](https://www.google.com/maps/place/4141+Colonel+Glenn+Hwy+%23+115,+Beavercreek,+OH+45431/)).  


### Registration  
The monthly meeting will be held both in-person and online via Google Meet.  
Pre-registration via Eventbrite is encouraged to help plan for food and drink (as well as for keeping within capacity limitations).  

[Registration Link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/431378744437)  

(You're still welcome to register at the door.)

When you register for the conference, you will be asked if you would like a CPE certificate to support certification requirements.  

**6:30pm (In-Person):**  
Food and drinks served, doors open.  

**6:50pm (Online via Google Meet):**  
On-line part of meeting opens for participants to join.  

**7:00pm (Both)**  

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### Presentation:
A journey into Medical Device Security Research by Deral Heiland, one of the OISF founders.

During this presentation Deral will be leading the audience on an expedition into the work of medical device security research by exploring a project he has been working on over the last year. Various topics including risk, impact, and safety concerns around potential vulnerabilities and exportation of medical technology will be explored. Also, during this presentation, Deral will be discussing recent security vulnerability findings along with some live demos.



### Bio: 
Deral Heiland CISSP, serves as a Principal Security Researcher (IoT) for Rapid7. Deral has over 25 years of experience in the Information Technology field and has held multiple positions including: Senior Network Analyst, Network Administrator, Database Manager, Financial Systems Manager and Senior Information Security Analyst. Over the last 15+ years Deral’s career has focused on security research, security assessments, penetration testing, and consulting for corporations and government agencies. Deral also has conducted security research on numerous technical subjects, releasing white papers, Blogs, security advisories, and has presented the information at numerous national and international security conferences including Blackhat, Defcon, Shmoocon, DerbyCon, RSAC, Hack In Paris. Deral has been interviewed by and quoted by multiple media outlets and publications including ABC World News Tonight, Cheddar TV, BBC, Consumer Reports, MIT Technical Review, SC Magazine, Dark Reading, Threat Post and Infosecurity Magazine.
