---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Anniversary Conference - July 9th, 2022"
date: 2022-07-09 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---
### About:
It is that time of the year again. Our annual conference is coming up on Sat. July 9th celebrating OISF's sweet 16!. The OISF Annual Conference will be held both in-person and online this year (details to follow). This year's conference will be hosted at a new venue, Holiday Inn Dayton/Fairborn I-675, 2800 Presidential Drive, Fairborn, OH 45324. The conference will begin at 8:30 AM with breakfast starting at 8:00 AM and will end around 4:30 PM.  

When you register for the conference, you will be prompted to select whether you will be attending in-person or virtual. When selecting In-person you will also specify your boxed lunch add-on option. When registration is complete you will receive a confirmation email with instructions on how to pay for your ticket.

Ticket Prices:

* In-person, **$15** (includes choice of boxed lunch) - **before 6/24/22 12a EST**  
* Late In-person registration, **$15** (does not include boxed lunch) - **after 6/24/22 12a EST**  
* Virtual, **$5**  
    
We are seeking donations that are tax-deductible to our Non-Profit 501(c)(3) Learning Charity to allow our organization to share knowledge and conduct training to local Dayton Cybersecurity Professionals. You can also make contributions through [Amazon Smile](https://smile.amazon.com/ch/26-1330537) by selecting Ohio Information Security Forum as your charity organization or directly via Paypal with the email address sponsor@ohioinfosec.org. 


### Registration:
**[Registration Link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/oisf-annual-conference-sweet-16-tickets-337619247257)**

### Payment:
**Payment instructions are in the Eventbrite confirmation email when you register**

<br><br>
### Agenda for the 16th Anniversary Conference:  
<table class="table table-striped table-bordered table-hover table-condensed" style="font-size:13px; font-weight:500;">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Event</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>0845:</td>
      <td>OISF President - Dr. Carls</td>
      <td>Opening Remarks</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>0900:</td>
      <td>Matt Scheurer</td>
      <td>Becoming an IR Superstar</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
      <td>1000:</td>
      <td>Scott Nusbaum</td>
      <td>Ransomware Is NOT the problem</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1100:</td>
      <td>Dr. Phu Phung</td>
      <td>Hybrid image-based approaches for modern malware classification</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1200:</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>Lunch</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1245:</td>
      <td>Dr. Carls</td>
      <td>Remarks - Potential Titanium Sponsor</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1300:</td>
      <td>Micah Brown</td>
      <td>How a 1993 CCG Prepared me for a Life in InfoSec</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1400:</td>
      <td>Jerod Brennon</td>
      <td>Rethinking Cybersecurity in the Quantum Age</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1500:</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>Cake Cutting Ceremony</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1530:</td>
      <td>Deral Heiland</td>
      <td>TBA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>1630:</td>
      <td>OISF President - Dr. Carls</td>
      <td>Closing Remarks</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>



