---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - September 8th, 2022"
date: 2022-09-08 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

### Location has changed
The in-person portion will be hosted at the **MTSI office in Beavercreek**  
([4141 Colonel Glenn Hwy #202, Beavercreek, OH 45431](https://www.google.com/maps/place/4141+Colonel+Glenn+Hwy+%23+115,+Beavercreek,+OH+45431/)).  


### Registration  
The monthly meeting will be held both in-person and online via Google Meet.  
Pre-registration via Eventbrite is encouraged to help plan for food and drink (as well as for keeping within capacity limitations).  

[Registration Link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/411704237457)  

(You're still welcome to register at the door.)

When you register for the conference, you will be asked if you would like a CPE certificate to support certification requirements.  

**6:30pm (In-Person):**  
Food and drinks served, doors open.  

**6:50pm (Online via Google Meet):**  
On-line part of meeting opens for participants to join.  

**7:00pm (Both)**  

### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.

### Presentation:
Securing Operational Technology and Industrial Control Systems (OT/ICS) - Thomas Agler  

Tom will discuss Securing Operational Technology and Industrial Control Systems (OT/ICS). He will first explain challenges and the current security landscape for OT/ICS based on security reports, OSINT findings, and personal experience. He will then facilitate a discussion on both the “book answers” and practical approaches to these challenges.



### Bio: 
Thomas Agler is a cyber security consultant with Agler Security Consulting and a Network Operations Officer in the U.S. Air Force where he currently teaches cyber security for aircraft avionics. He has seven years of experience as both a team leader and individual contributor within various aspects of IT, cyber security, and offensive cyber operations
