---
layout: post
navbar: Blog
title: "Meeting Agenda - January 13th, 2022"
date: 2022-01-13 12:00:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: Agenda
---

### Location has changed
The in-person portion will be hosted at the **MTSI office in Beavercreek** ([4141 Colonel Glenn Hwy #115, Beavercreek, OH 45431](https://www.google.com/maps/place/4141+Colonel+Glenn+Hwy+%23+115,+Beavercreek,+OH+45431/)).


### Registration  
The monthly meeting will be held both in-person and online via Google Meet.  
Pre-registration via Eventbrite is encouraged to help plan for food and drink (as well as for keeping within capacity limitations).  

[Registration Link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/240632737997)  

(You're still welcome to register at the door.)

When you register for the conference, you will be asked if you would like a CPE certificate to support certification requirements.  

**6:30pm (In-Person):**  
Food and drinks served, doors open.  

**6:50pm (Online via Google Meet):**  
On-line part of meeting opens for participants to join.  

**7:00pm (Both)**  


### Introduction

A brief overview of the Ohio Information Security Forum.


### Presentation
Save Time with Modern Search Techniques - Mark Jeanmougin

### Abstract
Many of our tools and techniques for working with large data sets are tweaked versions of what we did back when we had one CPU and a mechanical hard drive. This presentation explores how to approach these data sets with multi-core CPU's and fast NVMe storage. Special attention is paid to Digital Forensics & Incident Response (DFIR) use cases, but the techniques are more general. This is a trip into GNU Parallel, xargs, and other techniques to maximize the parallel processing capabilities of modern CPU's and storage. Examples include searching, anti-virus, and photo processing.


